samples: peripheral_fast_pair: Document advertising providers (#9001)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * Added terminal commands for selecting the role.
  * Updated the ASCII art used for showing progress to feature the current Nordic Semiconductor logo.

* :ref:`peripheral_fast_pair` sample:

  * Switched to using :ref:`bt_le_adv_prov_readme` to generate Bluetooth advertising and scan response data.

>   * After the device reaches maximum number of paired devices (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MAX_PAIRED`), the device no longer looks for new peers and therefore Fast Pair payload is no longer included in the advertising data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * After the device reaches the maximum number of paired devices (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_MAX_PAIRED`), the device stops looking for new peers. 
    Therefore, the Fast Pair payload is no longer included in the advertising data.
```
